[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
In most of our lives
there's a moment
when our eyes open
and we know that
we're surrounded
by a constant source of love,
healing, and information.
This is when life changes
and grace sets in.
Robbie Holz was by all accounts
living a seemingly graceless
life when she was
flattened by Hepatitis C.
That's when the miracles
began, and that's what
set her on her teaching path.
And I loved your book.
It's very personable, and
such a rich, warm story
about your husband who
has since passed away
and your own journey from--
wow, you were quite a go getter.
I mean, I'd say
manic, but I don't
know that that's the case.
>>ROBBIE HOLZ:
There's a lot of words
you could use to describe that.
>>REGINA: Why don't
we do this first
as a foundation for
why we're doing this
and why we're talking
about your book.
Let's talk about the
story of your husband
Gary and how he
encountered the Aborigines
and how he was invited
in, what they taught him,
and just take time to introduce
us first to his story which
then brings your story.
>>HOLZ: OK.
And Gary's story is
pretty fascinating.
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>HOLZ: He was a
physicist, very much
a scientist-- pretty much
black and white world.
And he had multiple sclerosis
and became a quadriplegic.
He had no feeling
from the neck down,
and he was a quadriplegic
for about seven years.
And then the doctors told him
that he had about two years
left to live, he actually
had about six months.
So he was pretty desperate
to find answers to survive.
He had a couple children
that he wanted to live for,
and he went into a
jazz bar that night
after hearing the news
to soothe his soul.
And he met a naturopathic
woman, a naturopathic doctor
from Australia, and she told
him about the remote Australian
Aborigines and how they had
tremendous healing abilities.
And so unlike this scientific
person that he was,
he was just so
desperate to stay alive
that he called the
number that she
had of one of the tribesmen and
Ray answered, and he said well,
what took you so long?
We've been waiting
for four months.
And Gary had just learned
about them the night before,
but the Aboriginals
are so tuned in.
They're so tapped into
this one consciousness
and they had already
brought a woman
over who was part
English, part Aboriginal.
>>REGINA: Who, Rose?
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Ray and Rose.
>>HOLZ: Ray and Rose.
And she knew English so she
could communicate to him
and they spent the last
four months coming up
with metaphors.
They were told by
the big guy, which
is a genderless term
for God, Goddess, Divine
Source, whatever
you want to call it,
but they were told
by the big guy
that they were to
give their healing
secrets to this man, Gary.
And he would take it
out into the world.
>>REGINA: And that's
unheard of, really.
>>HOLZ: Totally unheard
of, and actually they
were quite resistant initially.
They didn't want
to give this-- this
is ancient wisdom, very powerful
wisdom that had been passed on
for at least 60,000 years.
But when they understood that
it was because he could take it
out into the world and
it would help the world,
we didn't really understand
how healing worked.
And so this is what they
were happy to do then.
So Gary came there.
He actually was in a
wheelchair, flown like cargo,
was unlifted from the plane,
and then driven into the Outback
and spent 10 days with
this particular tribe.
Now the tribe was remote.
They had not seen a
white person before.
And I thought it
was so fascinating
that the little
boys, I think there
was a little boy that loved
the wheels on his wheelchair.
It doesn't matter what culture,
boys are fascinated by wheels.
So he went into that
remote desert Outback
and came back 10 days
later totally transformed.
He had feeling now, which he
hadn't had in seven years.
So he had the feeling again for
the first time in seven years
throughout his entire body.
He was really transformed
more emotionally
and spiritually than anything.
And he clumsily walked
down that airplane aisle
on his return flight home and
spent the rest of his days
promoting their healing.
He had been a
scientist and inventor
before he went into the
Outback, and he came back
and got a doctorate
in immunology knowing
that that would help promote
their healing practices
and spent the rest of his days.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
amazing in 10 days
he went from not feeling
anything from the neck
down to walking-- some
semblance of walking.
>>HOLZ: And survived another
at least 12 years beyond what
the doctors told him he would.
So it's a pretty
remarkable transformation.
I think more than
anything he understood
why that multiple sclerosis
had happened to him,
how he had numbed himself
emotionally as a child.
All through his life he
was a very brilliant man
and he learned how to
numb himself emotionally
until he literally numbed
himself physically,
so he understood how
that had happened
and how you really needed
to forgive his father
to be able to start healing
that multiple sclerosis.
>>HOLZ: Well, so after he got
back some other things happened
with him.
He became a real
conduit for healing.
And I mean, obviously they were
waiting for him because there
was something within him that
we had this capability that
was ready to start blossoming,
but let's talk about what
happened after he got back.
>>HOLZ: Sure.
So the Aborigines told him that
he had a lot of healing energy
traversing through him,
which was new to him,
and that he also had a solar
angel, a guardian angel,
solar angel named Julie that
was with him all the time.
And I think that's probably one
of the biggest revelations is
recognizing there's a
lot of gray that exists,
but you can't prove
it scientifically.
That was one of the
big shifts in him.
So he came back from
the Outback and he
started developing the same
gifts that the Aborigines have.
He started becoming
telepathic to everything.
I didn't know that
the first year we
were married, which is such an
interesting thing to be married
to a man who's telepathic
to your thoughts
for the first year.
>>REGINA: Yeah, right, Naughty.
>>HOLZ: And he started people's
skin became transparent to him.
He could see through the skin.
He could see chakras spinning.
He could see auras,
tumors growing,
and he became this very,
very gifted healer,
but he was a humble conduit
is what he would tell you.
He was a humble conduit working
with this solar angel named
Julie where he could watch
her laser tumors off.
And she needed to
use him as a conduit
because he was really
good at focusing.
>>REGINA: Using his
mind, eyes, senses.
>>HOLZ: You bet.
Yeah, so he could
stay really focused
so she could work through
him, through his eyes
and the energy coming through
him was pretty strong.
>>REGINA: So when you first
came in contact with him
you were more just
you'd heard of him.
You were more aware of him.
I mean, this was before there
was any personal relationship.
And I think we need to
probably at this point
take a look at who
you were prior to that
and what you were doing and
what had happened to your body.
I mean, that's a
story, that's a trip.
That you're alive is shocking.
I would have been so dead.
>>HOLZ: I know, and I
just became a grandmother
a couple days ago.
>>REGINA: Congratulations.
>>HOLZ: Thank you, but I
honestly never thought I
would--
>>REGINA: You didn't
even think you were
going to see your child raised.
>>HOLZ: No.
I didn't even think I'd
make it to 40 and here I am.
What a gift.
When I delivered
my son 30 years ago
they gave me a
blood transfusion.
It was a rough delivery, and
I got a blood transfusion that
was tainted with Hepatitis
C. But back then they
didn't know-- they
called it non-A non-B.
They didn't even know--
>>REGINA: C existed.
>>HOLZ: C existed,
and so I ended up
with this actually
often fatal disease
and that almost killed
me, and then they
put me on an experimental
treatment that
almost killed me.
And at this point I had
survived some really slim odds,
but I was really pretty
much a wreck at this point.
>>REGINA: Well, let's talk about
your lifestyle prior to that.
>>HOLZ: Sure.
There is a reason I
got you to thank point.
>>REGINA: When I said
graceless I simply
meant that you weren't
living by grace.
You were living by will
and sheer adrenaline,
running yourself
into the ground.
>>HOLZ: You know, exactly.
I was very career-oriented,
raising a young boy
with my husband.
We were building a home that
was like 4,000 square foot home
in the midst of all of this.
Working 60 to 80 hours a week.
>>REGINA: After you
got Hepatitis C.
I mean after you contracted
it but hadn't started even
showing the symptoms yet.
>>HOLZ: Right, but that kind
of extreme living, which
is not uncommon
here in the States--
and I think that's
probably why you
keep doing it is because
you're surrounded by people
who are doing the same thing.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
it's like oh, God.
They'll think I'm
lazy if I don't do it.
>>HOLZ: I'm a slacker.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HOLZ: But it was that
pushing the body, never
listening to what it needs.
I can't tell you
how often I would
work all through the night
and show up at work again
the next day and
feed myself candy
to get through the night as
a reward system, you know.
And just not really finding
that spiritual connection, just
really in the fast lane and
couldn't go fast enough.
And then all of a
sudden this almost dying
twice changed everything for me.
Here I was at 30 facing
questions that a lot of people
don't have to face.
And I kept surviving,
and I didn't
know why I was surviving.
And that's when I started
asking, why am I still here?
And more than
anything, at this point
after the second time
when I had crashed
on this experimental treatment
that they put me on--
and now there was no answers.
Western medicine
had nothing for me.
>>REGINA: Was this
the interferon?
>>HOLZ: It was a cocktail
mix of interferon,
and I had been on it longer
than anybody on the planet.
>>REGINA: Yeah, tell us
what the normal protocol is
and then tell us what
happened with you.
>>HOLZ: OK.
Well the normal for
this particular cocktail
mix that has interferon
in it, most people
are able to tolerate it about
three months and sometimes six
months.
And I think I was on
it for over five years,
and then my system just crashed.
It started attacking itself.
It couldn't tell what was good
stuff and what was bad stuff.
The immune system
was just inflamed.
So I was now without any
help from Western medicine.
They had nothing else in
their magic bag for me,
and I couldn't finish a
sentence because I didn't
know what I was talking about.
>>REGINA: Yeah, your mind went.
>>HOLZ: My mind
went, my memory went.
Everything was shutting down.
I was in bed at
least nine months.
I couldn't walk to the mailbox.
I was really actually
suicidal I was in so much pain
and so miserable.
But it was that
little boy of mine
that motivated me
to find the answers.
I knew he was too
young to remember me
and I needed to survive.
So I started looking
and discovered
that there's all kinds of
answers out there and actually
ended up eventually healing
myself of what the doctor said
was incurable.
At that time they said
Hepatitis C is incurable,
and because I'm an overachiever
I also developed fibromyalgia.
And I've healed that as well.
So I healed all of
that, and it put me
on this path of being passionate
about waking people up
to the fact that your
body wants to heal.
It's a powerful healer.
You have to figure
out what's stopping
the healing from happening.
>>REGINA: Well, there
were some little angels
of mercy along the way
that helped you get there
and let's talk
about Deirdre first.
>>HOLZ: Yes,
because I was coming
from a very conservative,
Midwestern, Catholic upbringing
and having been listened in--
I worked in the court system
for 25 years, and so I'd
heard all kinds of stories.
Very conservative minded, but
when no one had any answers
for me there was
one woman, you could
call her medical intuitive.
I don't know that I
even knew what she was.
I just knew that she had been
able to help a friend of mine
who had fibromyalgia.
And she caught my attention
when she knew immediately
how many medications
I was on, which
was like 14, how
many doctors I had,
which was like 10 or something.
>>REGINA: And you're just
in this tiny little body.
How you didn't die just
of counter implications--
>>HOLZ: I'm a tough
little thing, apparently.
>>REGINA: Oh, boy.
Apparently.
>>HOLZ: But more
importantly, what
really caught my
attention is she
started communicating with
my deceased grandfather.
That shook me up.
Like the Aborigines had
shaken Gary out of his world,
that shook me up.
And she sent me to a woman who
was a naturopathic doctor who
she thought could help me.
And I started getting better.
I just started
taking natural herbs
and I think she was
doing energy work on me.
I didn't even know
what she was doing.
>>REGINA: Had you reached
the end of the road
for all of even the experimental
protocols allopathic medicine?
>>HOLZ: Right.
>>REGINA: So you
were kind of cooked.
>>HOLZ: I was cooked, because
everything that they were using
for Hepatitis C back then
had some form of interferon
and my body couldn't
tolerate interferon anymore.
So they said we're sorry.
So I was really a wreck.
>>REGINA: And you were in bed
20 hours a day at this point.
>>HOLZ: Oh yeah, for years.
For years.
I was really a mess.
So I just slowly, slowly
brought myself back to health.
You know, I had to start
learning to love this body
and listen to it and
give it what it needed.
And having the help of someone
who was using energy work,
using color therapy on
me, I didn't even know.
I just knew that I
was feeling better.
Yeah, there was a lot going
on both sides of the veil.
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
you had a destiny.
So you weren't able to do your
job anymore, that was over,
but one thing you
always loved was pets.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you really wanted
to work in a veterinary clinic
with animals.
>>HOLZ: Well, I knew that I
learned how to heal myself
and so my passion has
always been animals,
and I thought, well, maybe
I can help heal animals,
and so I wanted to go see
what's Western medicine doing.
So I got a job working
with a beautiful vet,
and then that's when Gary
sort of came on board.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
So now we're at that
point in your life, which
was the pivotal event
in your life really.
>>HOLZ: Yeah, but I
didn't even know it.
>>REGINA: I mean,
aside from being sick.
OK.
So Gary wheels in, OK.
>>HOLZ: He does.
It was a 4th of July party,
and I had heard about this man.
I'd heard he had
amazing healing gifts,
but I really wasn't
interested in him
because we were at this
party, a big picnic,
and there were a
lot of people there
who were in the healing
realm with animals, animal
communicators, and they were
the ones that I was really
zeroing in on.
And I just wanted
to soak it all up,
and Gary arrives and
he had a bit of--
>>REGINA: Plus there was
another guy there you liked.
>>HOLZ: There was.
>>REGINA: I have a memory
from some details anyway.
>>HOLZ: There was.
There was another guy
at the picnic that
was just wow, he is
a interesting guy,
he's a good looking
guy, and yeah.
>>REGINA: And here's Gary.
>>HOLZ: And here's Gary.
Yeah.
Who arrives in a wheelchair,
surrounded by people
that I just had no interest in.
I was happy in my little
corner talking to the animal
communicators, but
somehow during the evening
we ended up sitting
next to each other.
And apparently, the first time
he saw me and was introduced
to me he saw all the past
lives flash across my face,
which freaked him out.
I didn't know this
for a long time.
He told me that, but
nothing happened to me.
I got nothing.
But then he knew
that I was someone
that he needed to
be involved with
and that we had a connection.
So he was determined that I
would come and work for him.
He was going to
open up a clinic,
and I had no interest in it.
But he knew my Achilles
heel was if he taught me
how to heal animals I would
be there in a heartbeat.
>>REGINA: So OK.
Out of that there were
stories, because he could
do this with animals or people.
>>HOLZ: Right, he started
out on animals really.
His roommate, and then
he worked on horses.
So we started talking.
I was going to start
to work with him,
and then I come from a big,
Catholic family and one
of my sisters back in the
Midwest was going blind really
quickly.
She had been in an accident
and she lost all her vision
in one eye and had just a
little bit of peripheral vision
in the other eye and she
was losing that quickly.
And again, Western medicine
had nothing for it.
It was uveitis.
And when he learned about her
he said, well, send her out.
I think I can help her.
So she flew out trusting me
and he healed her in four days.
>>REGINA: Yes, big sick leap of
faith for all of you, really.
>>HOLZ: Huge.
I still remember it.
It's hard to think
about it and not weep,
because I can remember her in
the morning saying, I can see.
I can see.
And then I knew that he
had done that for me,
and it was like somebody
had just flipped the switch.
I just fell in love
with him instantly.
And we worked together and
spent our time together.
>>REGINA: What a gift.
>>HOLZ: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about
the story of Gunner.
That's a sweet story.
>>HOLZ: Oh my gosh, Gunner.
Well, the first animal
I brought to him
really the fastest way to
my heart is with an animal.
So I was working in this
veterinarian's office,
and there was a
young couple that
brought a little
dog, cute little dog,
kind of looked like
a little Lhasa Apso,
and they had gone on
vacation and they came back
and the dog sitter gave the
dog back-- didn't say a word,
and then they realized that the
dog's spine had been broken.
It was an accident.
It was a developmentally
challenged teenager
who had kicked the dog
out of frustration,
and so they had brought the
dog immediately to the clinic,
and she took
x-rays, the vet did.
>>REGINA: She was
dragging her legs.
>>HOLZ: She was
dragging her back legs.
Yeah, clearly wasn't working.
And the veterinarian
took x-rays and realized
it was a broken spine, and very
compassionate veterinarian.
I just loved her so much.
And she said, the best thing
is to put this dog down.
There's nothing we can do.
There's nothing anybody can do.
And there was just
something in me
that I just kind of--
when she left the room
and I saw this young man tears
start to come down his cheek,
something in me said,
maybe Gary can help.
And so I called him, and I had
never asked him for anything
before, and he rushed over.
And I have to say that
this veterinarian was
compassionate enough
and ego-less enough
to let this alternative
healer come into her clinic.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's an
interesting story in itself
that she could do that.
>>HOLZ: Yeah, and she did it
out of the goodness of her heart
and to help this little dog.
And so he came in and he
wheeled in in his wheelchair
and he put his hand on
where the broken spine was.
And the energy was
flowing out of his hand
into this little dog.
And it was very
interesting, whenever
he worked with animals they
just always calmed down.
They could just--
they loved that.
In fact, people would call
it the peaches and cream
treatment.
He just felt so good afterwards.
And so he said, I
think I can help you.
Bring this dog to my
clinic a couple more times.
And they did, and I think
about the fourth time
little Gunner just stood
up and started walking
on the floors and no problem.
And then they would bring
him back every now and just
for us to see him running.
I think it was a male.
It's hard to remember.
It's been a few
years, but that's
when I realized there's really
some amazing things happening.
And I got the opportunity
to work with him
for a number of years
and witness miraculous
things like that all the time.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
it was that he was
taught about healing that
allowed him to be able to
be utilized in this way,
but others as well
can have this ability.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about what
the Aboriginals taught him.
>>HOLZ: OK.
Well, what I learned
is that he would focus
on that person being well.
He had that vision.
He went to the end result
of them being well, already
healed.
He didn't dwell on
where they are now.
He just went right
to that end-vision
and held that vision for them.
And he just always felt like
he was very humbly the conduit.
He would allow this healing
to flow through him,
and he started out initially
needing to be with the person
where he had to put
his hand on him.
And as he opened up to his
gifts and expanded on them,
he got to the point
where he could be remote.
He didn't need to be
in the same place,
and all he needed was the
city and the first name,
and that was enough for his
solar angel to connect to them.
And it was interesting how it
just kept growing from there,
and we had files.
Somehow people found us.
We never advertised what we did.
So we had just these plastic egg
crates, I think you call them,
and they were filled with files,
and we had them on the counter
and it got to the point where
he could just sort of heal them
without even having to go
through each one individually.
It was amazing.
When you have this
high intention
and help from the
other side of the veil.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about what
that actually meant though.
I mean, when they were telling
him what the magic formula is
for healing.
>>HOLZ: Well, you know that's
why the first book, "Secrets
of Aboriginal Healing" gives
the five steps of the Aborigines
wanted us to have,
so that everybody
could have had this information
because their minds are really
the biggest factor.
If you don't think
you're going to get well,
chances are you won't.
But what's important
is you needed
to have that alignment of
the body, mind, and spirit.
If your spirit, your soul, is
done in this particular body,
then it doesn't matter
the other elements.
You have to have
all three aligned,
but where most
people are missing
the boat is the
emotional component.
They're not getting
to the emotional core.
There's always an emotional
root, even with my blood
transfusion, which may have been
quote unquote "an accident,"
or a car accident, there's
always an emotional core
and a soul connection there.
So the Aborigines
taught us that if you
don't get to that
emotional root it's
like picking the top
of the dandelion.
It's going to come
right back again.
So we would talk to people.
We worked as a team, Gary and I,
where he would send the healing
and I would
communicate with them
and help them understand
what their emotional core was
and how to uproot
that and actually
get that powerful mind on
board, which is an incredibly
powerful instrument.
But not sabotaging, but
actually creating the health,
seeing themselves well.
>>REGINA: And there
was one formula
that was mind plus big guy
equals pretty much anything.
>>HOLZ: Anything.
>>REGINA: Any potential.
>>HOLZ: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: So that
real clarity of focus
is critical in the
healing process.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
Yes.
And you have to
become aware of what--
I mean, we're very conscious of
what we're eating, what we're
drinking, getting
exercise, herbs,
these are all
really good things,
but we need to be
paying attention
to what emotions am I marinating
in on a regular basis.
Because there are
some emotions that
are going to create
health and wellness
and some emotions that are
going to be creating a stagnant,
which is a perfect breeding
ground for disease.
So you need to understand that
guilt, and I'm a Catholic gal--
>>REGINA: You know guilt.
>>HOLZ: I know guilt. It's
on default mode, I think.
But guilt is one of the most
toxic emotions for the body
to handle, and if
you're creating it
and you're not releasing
it on a regular basis,
you are creating a perfect
breeding ground for disease.
It's really very simple.
Either it's fear-based
emotions created
by the mind, which
are very unhealthy,
or it's love-based, which
is more heart centered, soul
centered.
And if you're in these
emotions of compassion,
gratitude is such a beautiful
emotion to heal somebody.
Joy.
You want to heal faster, hang
out in a lot of gratitude,
lot of joy, and
like Gary learned,
have to totally forgive
everyone involved,
especially yourself or you
can't totally heal from it.
>>REGINA: I have interviewed
a couple of other people
that have used a similar
process on one level where again
that clarity of
mind, and again it
was creating that picture of
perfect health or of perfection
and almost collapsing this
reality into that one, so time
collapses, everything
collapses, that's
why in this kind of healing,
time is completely non-linear.
>>HOLZ: Exactly.
That's well put.
Yes, exactly.
And I tell people,
go to the end result.
Don't let your mind get
hung up on the obstacles.
>>REGINA: Like how are
we going to do this?
And I've seen it.
I have seen witnessed
myself seemingly miracles
happen with that simple
technique of collapsing
the current situation
into this ideal reality
by simply holding it.
And the other part of
it is to let it go.
You can't hold
onto it and kind of
try to micro-manage
it in your mind.
Gee, I hope it
worked and all that.
You have to let it go.
>>HOLZ: You have to let it go.
>>REGINA: And let's talk
about that component of it,
because that's where you
let the grace come in
and then the person's
soul intention
has something to do with
this, and talk about that.
>>HOLZ: Exactly.
And I really want our audience
to know that most people are
not supposed to be sick.
Sometime it is part of
your soul's destiny.
I needed to go through that
to put me where I am today.
Often children
are born that way.
Babies come in with these
things, but most of us
are not supposed to be sick.
Our bodies are just crumbling
under the emotional weight
that we're putting them under.
So that's important is that
you have the ability to heal,
more than likely you
are supposed to heal.
Know that.
Get your power back.
That's the fourth step of the
aboriginal healing secrets
is take your power back.
If I had believed what
the doctors had told me,
that this is incurable, you'll
have it the rest of your life,
I probably wouldn't have
made it another 10 years.
>>REGINA: And nor would Gary
have made it an extra 12
years had he believed that.
>>HOLZ: No.
No.
And I have since
healed that Hepatitis.
The doctors have tested me every
year for at least eight years
and I have not had it.
I don't have it.
I'm cured.
So these things are doable.
It's only what they
know at the moment,
so that's really important
to keep that in mind.
>>REGINA: Well, let's
talk about a couple
of examples where the soul
has its own agenda going on
and there's a dance
that's happening
between what appears to
be the physical reality
and the unseen.
And I think one story
you had in there
was the story of little Kevin.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
Yes.
Little Kevin was born
premature, and his eyes
had never really joined.
So they kind of rolled randomly
in his little eye sockets,
which was kind of disturbing
to look at initially,
and Gary was able to
heal and get those eyes.
And he knew before he
was going to do it.
He told me, pay attention today.
Really watch this.
>>REGINA: He knew the
day that the big click in
was going to happen.
>>HOLZ: And he also
knew it with my sister.
He told me the night before.
Don't tell her, but
tomorrow morning she's
going to wake up different.
And he knew that with Kevin too.
And so sure enough,
they all of a sudden
they locked into place.
And now, the next thing
was to get that vision
to start coming through.
And Gary kept trying and
he couldn't get the vision.
He's like, I don't know why
this little boy isn't seeing.
He should be seeing by now.
And what we realized when we
asked Kevin one time, Kevin,
what would happen
if you could see?
What would happen
And he thought about it.
He was just a little bitty guy.
I think he was like
four-years-old, three
or four-years-old.
He said, I'd have
to play by myself.
>>REGINA: Because his grandpa
was his constant companion.
>>HOLZ: Somebody was always
with him because he was blind.
He couldn't see, and he
didn't want to be by himself.
So there was that
resistance to healing.
And that's what we have
to pay attention to,
is there resistance to healing
subconsciously or consciously
going.
>>REGINA: Whatever happened
with Kevin, anyway?
>>HOLZ: You know, I was in
touch with the grandfather
for a while, and we just
check-base, see how he's doing.
And so he said, well, every
now and then I ask him,
Kevin you going to turn
your eyes on today?
And Kevin just wasn't ready.
But we knew that his
vision was improved,
because he could see things.
He could pick up little things
he couldn't pick up before,
and his caregivers also
felt the same thing.
He's seeing more than
he's letting you know,
but he wasn't ready
to just go totally.
Wasn't ready to go totally.
>>REGINA: And this
happens sometimes
where Gary had an awful lot
of requests for healing,
and there is that portion
that has the ultimate
say in whether a person is going
to continue the healing process
or not.
>>HOLZ: Right.
It has a lot to do with
their soul's journey.
We need to go through
these experiences
sometimes because it helps
wake us up, shakes us up.
It's kind of like
how bad does it
have to get before you're
paying attention like me.
But I think that what people
will recognize with when you've
moved through this you realize
that these illnesses are
messengers.
It's not that you
fight the cancer.
The cancer is a messenger.
It's trying to get your
attention on things that you
need to change in your life,
belief systems, exercise,
eating whatever, but it's
just simply a messenger.
And once you get that, you
realize that these challenges
are your best blessings.
But it takes a while for
people to get to that point
where you realize that as a
soul here growing and evolving,
which is really the name of the
game, that's why we're here.
They're beautiful opportunities
for tremendous growth,
especially the soul.
>>REGINA: And you've had
a number of opportunities
and along the way.
OK, so you and Gary--
there was that moment
that the light switch
just kind of flipped on.
It's like, I love this
guy, and of course, he
had always loved you.
He knew from the moment you
met he wanted to be with you.
You ended up marrying,
but then in your own life
a completely different
reality set in.
You can think, I love this man.
It doesn't matter to me
that he's in a wheelchair,
but as it started
becoming more apparent,
this was a huge
lifestyle shift for you.
And maybe talk about
that-- some of the things
we don't think about, and
also what being incapacitated
to that extent brought to Gary
by way of learning and wisdom,
and also what it brought to you.
>>HOLZ: Well, Gary will
tell you that wheelchair
was the best thing that
ever happened to him.
He will tell you that
it slowed him down,
and like the
Aborigines, he started
spending a tremendous amount
of time in dream time.
Before, he was a globe
trotting physicist
working all over the world
for different governments
and companies and just an
over achiever in every way,
as I was too.
And it forced him to
slow down and to really
connect like the Aborigines
do, to unplug from the mind
and to plug into this
greater consciousness
and spend hours a day.
He got to the point where he
was no longer numb to emotions.
He really came back a
totally different man
from that Outback experience.
I would find him in
the kitchen with tears
rolling down his face from just
the beauty and awe of life.
That's a rich life.
That's what they had helped
him understand and develop,
but marrying a man-- he went
into the Outback in '94.
I met him in 2001, and by
this time he was in his chair,
but he had a lot more freedom.
He still had feeling
throughout his body,
but he lived in
this beautiful home.
He took care of himself.
He came to work dressed
in suits every day,
and he would stand up at
the sink and do exercises.
I mean, he was self-sufficient,
but he still had that chair.
And I was, oh my
gosh, my friends
accuse me of being
a chipmunk on crack.
I have so much energy now.
And I'm used to just
moving, moving, moving.
>>REGINA: Buzzing through life.
>>HOLZ: Buzzing
through life, right.
And all of a sudden when I
fell in love with this man who
happened to be in a wheelchair,
the wheelchair didn't matter.
I knew what I was up against.
I had been a court
reporter for many years,
and I had taken an
all day deposition
of a man who had become numb.
He'd become a
quadriplegic as well.
And we heard in great detail,
we actually went to his home--
all the attorneys
and I-- and heard
intimate details
of this man's life,
and it rocked all of our worlds.
We came back very compassionate
and feeling very grateful
for our lives, because
that life slows down.
Everything is an effort.
With Gary just to go to the
restaurant, it's a big deal.
It takes time.
You can't always
necessarily get to a table.
Just getting him
dressed, it's an hour
just to get to that
little restaurant.
He had years to get adjusted
to this, whereas I just
felt like I'd been
slammed into a wall.
But I needed to slow down.
That was also something I
had been getting messages
from my guides
across the other side
of the veil is to slow down.
Slow the mind down.
Slow your body down.
And I have to say that I'm
getting so much better at that.
>>REGINA: Well,
and because you're
a loving and giving woman,
of course once you arrived
on the scene you
started helping him
compensate in a lot of ways.
And let's talk about
that part of the journey
when we're trying to assist
someone on their journey.
>>HOLZ: Right.
That's kind of the dark side
of care-giving, I call it.
You know, he would reach for
a Kleenex across the table,
whereas before he would
have to reach for it.
That was actually a
little bit of therapy.
And you can't, when
you're a Cancer like me,
and especially coming
from my family,
very loving, very care-giving,
It's so natural for me to push
that Kleenex box toward him,
and keep alleviating
those things.
And I realized that the
easier I made life for him,
the weaker he got physically.
And we started incorporating
a little bit of equipment
into the house that
made it easier for me.
He was 6' 2".
I'm 5' 1".
And it gets a little
dicey sometimes.
>>REGINA: Trying to
hold that weight.
>>HOLZ: Yeah, and
transferring him, especially
in the bathrooms.
It's always a little
nerve-wracking in the bathroom.
Every transfer, whether
it's into the car
or whether it's into-- so we
started using a few devices,
but every time you did
that it weakened his body
a little bit because he wasn't
having to do those things.
>>REGINA: And now
he was also keeping
himself fit, his upper
body and such, by swimming.
>>HOLZ: Right.
He was swimming.
He used to be a
marathon swimmer.
He used to swim ocean marathons.
>>REGINA: Nice,
strong, upper body.
>>HOLZ: Beautiful,
beautiful frame.
That man was gorgeous.
He really had a beautiful frame.
Perfect posture.
>>REGINA: And so as you
continued assisting him
his body started
becoming weaker,
and I was very touched
by this one day
when you went to the
pool for swimming
and it turned out they couldn't
allow him in the pool anymore.
>>HOLZ: He didn't have
the strength anymore
to get in and out
of the pool, to get
in and out of that
chair that assisted him,
and you know I have to say
that the pool staff were
so beautiful.
They really are went
above and beyond
to help him get
that pool therapy,
but they finally
just said, you know,
we can't do this
like this anymore.
It's not safe for him.
And so I knew and
Gary did too that when
he couldn't exercise anymore
and do that pool therapy
we would start to go down.
And he did.
He did.
But he told me a
year before he was
going to pass that he
was being asked to leave.
He told me that he-- and
he was upset about it,
and I was upset about it.
>>REGINA: He had gotten
this through a transmission.
>>HOLZ: Right, because he would
sit and talk to his guardian
angel Julie hours a day.
They worked together,
so she told him
that he would be
leaving in a year.
He should get his
affairs in order,
that he was needed more on
the other side of the veil.
And it took us, I don't
know, maybe six months
to finally come to
terms with that.
And he did leave a year later.
>>REGINA: But you were blaming
yourself for enabling him.
>>HOLZ: I know.
There is that Catholic
guilt that just--
>>REGINA: But in reality, this
was going to happen anyway.
>>HOLZ: It was going to happen.
It was part of his journey.
I think his journey had
been finished in his body.
He had done what
he needed to do.
He had passed on
the teachings to me,
and I was taking them out.
It got to the point where he
was having so many people come
to him, and you don't come
to an alternative healer
unless you're stage four cancer.
>>REGINA: It's your last resort.
>>HOLZ: Right, and there's
nothing else out there.
And so we were realizing
we were spending
so much time on helping people
who were really, really sick.
One day we decided let's
start helping people
at the other end of that,
teaching them how to stay well,
and teaching them how
to heal themselves.
So we started doing that.
Big, big difference.
You Know, when you
can start reaching
large numbers of people and
helping them learn how to heal
themselves, empowering them.
And so I think what he
felt, it's OK, I can leave.
I'm taking care of myself.
I'm loving myself.
I'm slowing down.
I'm listening.
I really think he hung on
until he knew I was OK.
I was fine.
One thing that I
didn't expect is
after he passed I didn't
expect that he would continue
to show up every morning.
>>REGINA: Oh yes, well let's
get to the passing part first,
and then we're going to go
into what happened after that.
First of all, there was
another thing going on.
He had this amazing ability
to telepathically communicate
with animals and birds,
including your Cockatiel.
I love that part of the story.
Remember you were cleaning
up endless amounts of poo
from your Cockatiels
and he goes and starts
mentally communicating
with them telepathically.
Tell us what happens.
>>HOLZ: He did.
I put it out there to the
universe, let's rescue
something.
And I was volunteering
at a shelter,
and I thought it'd be a dog
or a cat that would come home,
and a little Cockatiel
shows up at our front door.
And so I can't cage anything,
so we had a big cage
and we got it a mate and it
had fresh branches every day.
But it was a mess to clean up.
And so Gary was
a very quiet man.
Very quiet man.
He was very shy, but whatever he
said was very succinct wisdom.
You just got a lot out of those
five words or seven words.
So he would just watch me every
morning spend about 15 minutes
at least cleaning up
from these two birds,
and then all of a
sudden I noticed
that all the poo is just going
on one spot on a piece of paper
underneath.
There was a little
branch that extended out,
and they were going to
the end of the branch
and pooping from the end of
the branch to a piece of paper.
So all I had to do
was pick up the paper.
And just stuff like
that would happen
that if you didn't say anything
he wouldn't say anything.
So I realized, I'm like, did
you talk to them about that?
He says, yeah.
He just communicated to them--
>>REGINA: Go to the
end of the branch
and make it easy on everybody.
>>HOLZ: Go to the end of
the branch and make it easy.
>>REGINA: I love that.
>>HOLZ: Little things like that.
>>REGINA: Little things.
And what about hummingbirds,
because that hummingbirds
started playing a big
role in your life.
>>HOLZ: It did,
and it still does.
It still does.
Yes.
Well, when he was getting ready
to transition to the other side
we were working with hospice,
beautiful group of people,
and we were fortunate enough
to be able to have him
at home when he passed.
But it's not an
easy thing to do.
And one day he got to the point
where he couldn't join us,
he was in bed.
He couldn't join us
for meals anymore,
and that particular
morning I noticed
there was a little hummingbird
outside my kitchen window that
was watching me eat.
And I hadn't noticed
him before, and I just
got that sense, you know, I
wouldn't be surprised if that's
connected to Gary somehow.
>>REGINA: Because
like the Aborigines
he could look through
the eyes of others
right and choose whose
eyes he wanted to use.
>>HOLZ: Exactly, and so he
was watching through the eyes
of the hummingbird.
And so it was a number of
days where Gary was just
losing more and
more consciousness,
and we were getting
close to the end.
And that little hummingbird
stayed there on that branch
outside my kitchen
window every time
I was eating that little
hummingbird would appear.
And when Gary passed,
it was so interesting.
I had left the room briefly.
Somebody had come to
the door, and as I
left to go greet them
at the door he passed.
>>REGINA: That's pretty
common, isn't it?
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: When people leave,
when they're finally alone,
so there's no one
pulling on them.
>>HOLZ: Exactly.
They don't have that energy
also holding them back,
and we noticed that that little
hummingbird had also died
and it was now
lying on the deck.
>>REGINA: Isn't that amazing?
>>HOLZ: And it died at
the same time Gary did,
so Gary continued to use
the hummingbirds as a way
to get my attention.
>>REGINA: After he passed.
>>HOLZ: After he passed.
And the hummingbird
wasn't the only animal
in the house that responded
to the moment he was passing.
>>HOLZ: No.
>>REGINA: I would
like you to share
what happened with the
animals, because we sometimes
think of them as some kind of
passive ornaments in the house,
when there are highly tuned in.
>>HOLZ: Highly tuned in.
And I didn't know he was
going to be passing that day,
but the animals weren't eating.
They wouldn't eat.
My dog, Checkers, just
went and laid in his bed.
So he knew.
He knew.
And what was fascinating
is that-- and so sad,
it's a challenge
to sit here and not
tear up when these
things happen when
I talk about them because they
truly happened-- those two
Cockatiels that we had rescued.
They used to have
babies all the time.
They would sit by
Gary and oh my gosh,
we've had more clutches
than anybody probably should
in a lifetime.
They would have
babies after babies
and we couldn't keep them all.
We would bring
them to a woman who
would humanize them,
at least feed them, so
that they were very tame and
then find good homes for them.
And so when those
babies were leaving,
Gary was communicating
to those birds.
>>REGINA: When they
were being adopted out.
>>HOLZ: When they
were being adopted out
he would let them know, tomorrow
you're going to be leaving.
He would talk to the babies.
He would talk to the mother.
He would talk to the father, and
he said the mother was always
just inconsolable.
The father would sing a song
that he sang only to the babies
the night before they left.
It was the most beautiful song.
>>REGINA: That was so beautiful.
>>HOLZ: And it was
sort of telling them
what's going to happen
and where they're going
and they'll be OK.
And he's only sang
that song that father,
that Cockatiel, when they were
leaving, the night before.
And when Gary passed,
it was so interesting.
All the eggs we had ever had
been healthy, every one of them
had always hatched and been a
beautiful little baby chick.
When Gary was getting
ready to pass,
she had an egg
that never hatched.
When he was dying,
and that father
sang the song when he passed.
>>REGINA: It was just beautiful.
I mean, the interconnectedness
and the love,
because Gary loved
these animals too.
It was the love that
bound them and allowed
for the communication.
I just thought that was the
most touching, beautiful thing.
And so it's as though
he left his body,
Gary left his body that
day, but it wasn't long
before he came back and you were
fully aware of was presence.
And like you said, he
was a punctual man.
>>HOLZ: Very punctual man.
>>REGINA: And he was
coming to visit you
at 8 o'clock every morning.
>>HOLZ: Right.
He was a physicists at
heart, and so he was always
very punctual.
And I am not.
I'm always 10 minutes
late, five minutes late,
and he would show up
after he had passed.
I did not know he would
continue to show up.
He would show up at
8:00 every morning.
Not 7:59 and not 8:01.
>>REGINA: Tell us how
you knew, because it
was another thing
going on when you would
go into your own internal work.
You and your sister,
early on when
he was working on the
two of you to help you
with your health, what
you would both see
was this eye would show up
in your field of vision.
>>HOLZ: Right it
was like an eyeball.
I first noticed it when
I was taking a shower,
and I could see it when
I closed my eyes when
I was shampooing my hair.
And I could see this eyeball.
It was very distinct,
and then I just somehow
knew he's working on
me from the other room.
He's just sending
this healing to me.
>>REGINA: And you'd call him
on it, and he's say yes, I was.
>>HOLZ: I'd bust him
for it all the time.
>>REGINA: So you got you
validation over and over,
and so did your sister.
So when this eye showed up,
you knew Gary was present.
>>HOLZ: I knew Gary
was present, and I
knew that my sister
could also see that,
but I didn't know she was seeing
the exact same thing I was.
And after he passed I said
draw for me what you're seeing.
And it's the exact same thing.
It was the exact same shape.
>>REGINA: So now is that
part of how you knew
Gary was there in the morning?
>>HOLZ: That's how I knew
is I could see that eyeball.
With my eyes closed I could see
that eyeball shape, and I knew.
And also I could see-- I've
gotten better at seeing energy,
and I can see it coming
in and every morning I
can see it downloading into me.
>>REGINA: So at
eight on the dot,
and in the beginning times,
what was he coming through for?
>>HOLZ: To comfort me.
To just truly comfort me.
Yeah.
And he had so many ways
of communicating to me,
and I would get
better at picking up.
All of a sudden a song
would pop in my head
that would be our song.
And I'd hear the
lyrics and I would
hear in my sort of no words, but
just this knowing, just dance.
Just dance.
Close your eyes and
just dance with me.
>>REGINA: Dance to the music.
>>HOLZ: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Because he could dance
once he was out of his body.
>>HOLZ: He was a beautiful
dancer earlier it his life,
and I didn't know
he loved dancing.
I didn't know that he used to
do ballroom dancing before I
met him.
>>REGINA: So it was
interesting, some
of the people who are a little
bit more psychic or tuned in
would call me and leave
me these messages.
Gary showed up and
he's dancing, and he
wants you to know he's dancing.
Or people who were a little bit
psychic that didn't know him
would just say, this
guy won't leave me alone
until I give you the
message that he's dancing.
I don't know if that means
anything to you or not,
but he just wants you know
he's so enjoying the freedom.
>>REGINA: So it's a
beautiful love story.
I mean, in the book it is
a beautiful love story.
But then there came
a time where you now
were starting to
lecture to large groups,
it frightened you initially,
especially once Gary was gone.
You had to get up and
then start carrying
the messages from the
original peoples forward.
>>HOLZ: Right.
And I had to do it within a
couple weeks after he passed.
I didn't know if I
could pull that off.
And again, I just am learning
to ask for what I need.
And so I asked for the strength,
because that was a hard thing
to do is to talk about this man.
He was so involved
in the teachings--
and within a couple of weeks.
But I've gotten so much
better at asking, telling them
what I need and allowing
every step of the way
for that assistance
to come through.
>>REGINA: And that's
part of the message too.
We all have this.
It's available to us all of us.
All we have to do is ask.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: I mean, that's a big
part of the teachings even.
>>HOLZ: Exactly.
Your mind isn't designed to
know how to do these things.
It's designed to
balance a checkbook,
but it's not designed
to know what job-- that
comes from the soul, that comes
from a higher consciousness.
And so I've learned to hand
these things over and allow
them to guide me.
>>REGINA: So there
came a time when
it was your turn to meet with
the Aborigines, with the women.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about what happened,
how that invitation
came, and what
happened during your experience
because there were a few screw
ups.
When they say no talking,
no crossing the line,
no looking the
elders in the eye,
there are some
serious protocols.
This is serious business.
>>HOLZ: And I've learned
I'm really good at breaking
protocols and not realizing it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, joie
de vivre, you know,
American, and all that.
But that's not how
these women live,
and here you're thrown in
the desert with saucer sized
tarantulas and the rest.
>>HOLZ: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So talk
about your experience,
and what your
breakthrough was, and some
of the others in this very
dusty, harsh environment
with these women who
are so focused you
don't dare look them in the
eye without an invitation.
>>HOLZ: Right.
Well, the aboriginal
women had decided
that they wanted to give their
healing, their ceremonies out,
that they wanted to invite other
people to start experiencing
these things.
And so there was an
invitation sent to I
think about 20 women
from around the world,
and I went with a friend of
mine from the United States.
This is a year after
Gary had passed.
Isn't that a little suspect
that I would get invited?
I think Gary was heavily
involved in that,
so the men didn't want this.
They really didn't, but
the women prevailed.
And so it was going to be
women doing these ceremonies
and the men would be
outside, because they
are very powerful ceremonies.
And the women would be inside
performing the ceremonies
with the white
women, and the men
would be on another area
keeping us grounded.
And when we got
there I just remember
thinking, I don't know
what I'm doing here,
because it just felt so foreign.
It just felt like I had landed
on Mars, because it's red dirt.
It's very harsh.
If you touch anything it'll
splinter off into your hand
because it's been baking
in this 120 degree heat.
It's freezing at night.
It's hot during the day
with all these insects
and there's wild camels,
there's wild pigs,
there are literally spiders
as big as a dinner plate,
and their body is as big as
your hand, dangerous snakes--
>>REGINA: And all
you white women are--
>>HOLZ: Thinking what did I do.
>>REGINA: Trying to put a
little bit of sunblock on.
>>HOLZ: Chapstick.
>>REGINA: But interestingly too
you needed a lot of sunblock,
because when it was
time for ceremony
you could only
wear a black skirt.
Both the aboriginal
women and the white women
could only wear a black skirt.
>>HOLZ: Right.
They would call ceremony.
It's so interesting.
They're so tuned in.
It's not like they're
going to tell you
we're doing this at
five on Saturday,
they wait until everything
tells them it's correct.
And so I knew that they
were sending transmissions
or raising our vibrations
up to be able to perform
in these ceremonies.
>>REGINA: And you were
away from anything
the modern world would have
to distract you and dirty,
sometimes hungry.
>>HOLZ: Oh, I couldn't
believe that they were still
out there when we got back.
We were doing this by
Uluru, Ayer's Rock,
which is a huge vortex.
Very, very strong energy.
And it was a little
frightening, but I
do remember seeing
a dingo at one point
when I first got there.
Because we met them at
night with blazing bonfires,
and I just remember
feeling comforted
seeing at a dingo
like oh, of course
they have dogs as companions.
And then I saw a young
child, and it was like,
of course they have children.
Their mothers.
You know, they're women.
>>REGINA: And one
of the little girls
was actually the one
who was in training
to take over the position.
>>HOLZ: Yes.
>>REGINA: So tell us what
you learned during that.
I mean, because
it was so random.
It seemed like you
were just trying
to get by during
the day in the hot,
and then all of a
sudden it's like now.
You have to come now.
>>HOLZ: Right, you rushed there.
>>REGINA: Rushed
to the ceremony.
>>HOLZ: Right.
>>REGINA: But what
actually-- because there
wasn't a lot of language.
There wasn't words spoken.
>>HOLZ: No, but I knew
they were telepathic.
I knew they were telepathic.
I was a little more guarded
probably than the others.
There was a lot going on.
>>REGINA: So what
was the take-away
for the group of white women?
>>HOLZ: You know
what, I think what
I noticed is that
the white women,
we tended to be really
harsh on ourselves.
I saw women who were
running corporations
and they had young
children, women
who were running
charitable foundations
and running marathons, and
they were beating themselves up
because they were
exhausted, feeling
like they weren't doing enough.
>>REGINA: Yep.
That's the thing.
>>HOLZ: And I think
that what I love about,
there's so much wisdom
from the Aboriginals.
There's no criticism.
There's no judgment,
no comparison,
you love all of you.
But what I had experienced
during these powerful
ceremonies-- and
we're not allowed
to talk about the
ceremonies, but I
can talk about my
reaction to them--
was that I could feel
what they already know,
and that is that we're all one.
I could feel it.
I could feel and actually
sort of see everything blend
into each other.
There was no distinction
between the rock
and the dragonfly or us.
And the other thing that was
really a huge insight was we
know so much of
this intellectually,
but to actually feel it,
feel it, integrate it,
I really could integrate and
feel the love of Mother Earth.
I could feel the
love she has for us
and how she supports us and just
loves us so unconditionally.
And the Aborigines
all ready knew that.
They all ready feel that.
So I got to feel that
during the ceremony.
That was a big gift.
>>REGINA: So after you came
back and now years have passed,
and what became of your life
and what are you doing now?
I mean, you've just
published your book
which took you awhile to write.
>>HOLZ: Right.
I've got two of
them out. "Secrets
of Aboriginal Healing,"
which is about Gary's
journey and the
healing practices,
and now "Aboriginal
Secrets of Awakening,"
which is my journey.
My passion is empowering
people and helping them wake up
from this imprisoned mind.
Our belief systems
have really got
us believing a
lot of things that
are creating a lot of pain,
imprisoning us, taking
our power away.
So my passion is
helping them recognize
how to heal themselves
and taking your power back
and recognizing when
that mind has hold of you
and how to step back and just
observe it and let it go.
>>REGINA: Don't
let it dictate you.
And tell us about the
continued presence
of hummingbirds inextricably
inner-twined with Gary.
>>HOLZ: They are so connected.
My sister was trying
to decide whether this
was a new-- she
had to leave now,
she lived with us for a
little while to help us.
And so when she was trying
to find her new apartment
she wasn't sure, and
a hummingbird just
buzzed her right in the face
and we hadn't seen any all year.
And it's like, if you
don't understand that.
We both knew it was a sign.
>>REGINA: That's Gary.
>>HOLZ: Yeah.
This is your apartment.
This is your new apartment.
So things like that
happen all the time.
>>REGINA: And you're still
in regular communication
with Gary?
>>HOLZ: Every day.
He's a part of my
healing team now.
He is assisting more
from the other side
than he could in
the physical realm.
>>REGINA: Is he still working
with people-- with you
individually and
collectively in healing?
>>HOLZ: Yes, I have a
beautiful healing team
and he's part of the team.
>>REGINA: Wow.
That's beautiful.
Well, thank you for
sharing your story.
I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
It was a wonderful journey
of love, of healing messages,
but I think more than
anything, I like the love part.
>>HOLZ: Thank you.
It's been a real pleasure.
>>REGINA: To read more
about this heartwarming and
instructive story,
you can pick up
a copy of "Aboriginal
Secrets of Awakening"
and "Secrets of
Aboriginal Healing."
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.